This directory contains a file for each git branch in the pqR
repository, documenting what that branch is for.  These files will
ultimately be combined in release branches to produce the MODS file in
the main source directory.

Development branches start with branch 00, which is identical to the
version of R released by the R Core Team on which pqR is based
(currently R-2.15.0), except for the 00 and README files in the mods
directory.

Later development branches have the form DD-desc, where DD is a
two-digit number, and desc is a descriptive string.  All branches
starting with DD are merged into the branch with number DD+1, which
does not contain any modifications of its own (branch 00, containing
this text, excepted), but which forms the basis for the development
branches starting with DD+1.

Release branches have names of the form Release-YYYY-MM-DD, and are
based on some merged development branch (ie, with a name of the form
DD), with only the following changes:

  o concatenation of files in mods into the file MODS, and deletion of 
    the mods directory.

  o removal of .gitignore, and creation of configure, NEWS, NEW.pdf,
    and doc/html/R-admin.html from source files (by running make, or as 
    described in R-admin).

  o updating of the release date, which is stored in the (now mis-named) 
    file SVN-REVISION.

The development branches that go into a release may be changed after
the release, with the new versions forming the basis for a later
release, but without the commits that produce these new versions being
merged into the earlier release.  Once a release branch is created, it
is modified only in exceptional circumstances (such as discovery that
a file is missing).

The "master" branch is used only for adding versions of R released by
the R Core Team, starting with R-2.11.1, for each of which there is a
tag.
